Swift package manager integration on Mac OS Ventura (#6)
SRGSSR/srguserdata-apple: docs/GETTING_STARTED.md

### Thread-safety considerations

When retrieving data asynchronously, beware that returned objects are most probably Core Data managed objects. Such objects cannot be exchanged between threads and must be consumed where they are received.

> ### Core Data compile errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core Data compilation errors
```

> Running on Mac OS Ventura, some non blocking errors could appeared during the compilation. `xcodebuild archive` is impacted and failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running on Mac OS Ventura, some non-blocking errors might appear during the compilation. `xcodebuild archive` is impacted and fails.
```

> Add write permissions on mapping models fix it. A proposed solution is explained:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding write permissions on mapping models fixes this issue. In a project using SRG User Data:
```

> - Add a new run script action as a pre action on scheme build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new run script action as a pre-action for the build scheme.
```

> - Past this script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Paste this script:
```
